Add parameter to define min nominal voltage for unrealistic state check (#1217)
powsybl/powsybl-open-loadflow: docs/loadflow/parameters.md

The default values are `0.5` and `2.0` and they must be greater or equal to `0`.

**minNominalVoltageUnrealisticStateCheck**
This parameter defines the minimal nominal voltage for which a bus oustide of **minRealisticVoltage**
and **maxRealisticVoltage** will stop the simulation.

Unrealistic voltage, especially in high voltage substations, may trigger automates or other dangerous phenomenons,
with a potentially large impact to the system, that a static simulator may not take correctly into account. In this case, 
the result of the simulation should not be used without special caution.

The default value is '0' for compatibility reasons.

An example of configuration that provides good level of simulation trust as well as resilience to local observability issues would be 0.8 and 1.2 
for **minRealisticVoltage** and **maxRealisticVoltage** and 100 for **minNominalVoltageUnrealisticStateCheck**

> 

Author: Done

The default values are `0.5` and `2.0` and they must be greater or equal to `0`.

> **minNominalVoltageUnrealisticStateCheck**

Author: Done

This parameter defines the minimal nominal voltage, in kV, for which a bus oustide of **minRealisticVoltage**
and **maxRealisticVoltage** will stop the simulation.

Unrealistic voltage, especially in high voltage substations, may trigger automates or other dangerous phenomenons,
with a potentially large impact to the system, that a static simulator may not take correctly into account. In this case, 
the result of the simulation should not be used without special caution.

The default value is '0' for compatibility reasons.

An example of configuration that provides good level of simulation trust as well as resilience to local observability issues 

> would be 0.8 and 1.2 for **minRealisticVoltage** and **maxRealisticVoltage** and 100 for **minNominalVoltageUnrealisticStateCheck**

Reviewer: Another remark, in our use cases, we may prefer 180 kV for minNominalVoltageUnrealisticStateCheck. Can we put this value in the doc or do we prefer to leave at 100 kV as it is ?

> Unrealistic voltage, especially in high voltage substations, may trigger automates or other dangerous phenomenons,
> with a potentially large impact to the system, that a static simulator may not take correctly into account. In this case, 
> the result of the simulation should not be used without special caution.
> 
> The default value is '0' for compatibility reasons.
> 
> An example of configuration that provides good level of simulation trust as well as resilience to local observability issues 
> would be 0.8 and 1.2 for **minRealisticVoltage** and **maxRealisticVoltage** and 100 for **minNominalVoltageUnrealisticStateCheck**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unrealistic voltages -particularly in high-voltage substations- can trigger automated protections or other hazardous phenomena, potentially causing significant impacts to the system. Steady-state simulation may not accurately account for these effects. Therefore, results obtained under such conditions should be interpreted with caution.

A configuration that offers both reliable simulation results and resilience to local observability issues could, for example, use 0.8 and 1.2 p.u. for **minRealisticVoltage** and **maxRealisticVoltage**, respectively, and 100 kV for **minNominalVoltageUnrealisticStateCheck**.

The default value is 0 kV.
```
